I'm going to cross this street,
and this is something you may not know:
In England there are special crossing point for horses.
Not surprising, because what I'm technical about is called 'bridleway'.
It is a footpath that horse can use.
So here we have a special button
and there too
so if you are already on your horse
and special gathering place
that I'm in this moment,
where horses can wait
before the lights change
and cross the road in that direction.
and here is the best:
the best is the name,
because in Great Britain we have Pelican crossings, "Pedestrian Light Controlled",
the normal,
And then they came with Toucan crossing,
because they are for pedestrians and cyclists
so "two-can" (two can) cross.
Then you came with Puffin crossings
And I do not know how to
but those are those with special cameras in lights,
like that
that pedestrians follow when they cross,
so that the traffic light can turn green, as quickly as possible.
And then, because everything is named after occurring things:
do we have this,
a Pagasus crossing.
And that is something that you may not know.
[Translated by: N. Kempenaers]